README.md, before:

# Node BASH

This project aims to provide NodeJS implementation of frequently used BASH commands and extend their functionality even further.

## Installation

```shell
npm install @ironche/node-bash
```

# Function find()

Traverse file system and search for files and folders recursively.

## Syntax

**Note**: All arguments are optional.

| Argument | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| path  | Folder from where the search begins. If omitted, default value is current folder, which is identical to './' |
| descriptor | Pass 'f' to search only for files, 'd' to search only for folders/directories, or null (anything else) if search applies to both |
| namePatterns | Regular expression (or array of regular expressions) to match names of files and folders and return them as result |
| excludeFolders | Regular expression (or array of regular expressions) to exclude folders and their contents from search results |

**Return value**: array of objects found.

```js
import { find } from '@ironche/node-bash';
let args, results;

// find-example-1.js
args = ['.', 'f', null, /node_modules/];
results = find(...args).map((f) => f.path);
console.log(results);

/* example output
[
  './.gitignore',
  './index.js',
  './package-lock.json',
  './package.json'
]
*/

// find-example-2.js
args = ['.', 'f', /\.json$/, /node_modules/];
results = find(...args).map((f) => f.path);
console.log(results);

/* example output
[
  './package-lock.json',
  './package.json'
]
*/
```

Commit message:

feat: find traverses fs to limited depth

README.md, after:

# Node BASH

This project aims to provide NodeJS implementation of frequently used BASH commands and extend their functionality even further.

## Installation

```shell
npm install @ironche/node-bash
```

# Function find()

Traverse file system and search for files and folders recursively.

## Syntax

**Note**: All arguments are optional.

| Argument | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| path  | Folder from where the search begins. If omitted, the default value is the current folder, which is identical to './' |
| descriptor | Pass 'f' to search only for files, 'd' to search only for folders/directories, or null (anything else) if the search applies to both. |
| namePatterns | Regular expression (or array of regular expressions) to match names of files and folders and return them as result. Matches all names if omitted. |
| excludeFolders | Regular expression (or array of regular expressions) to exclude folders and their contents from search results. |
| depth | Used to limit the depth while traversing file system. Set to 0 to search only current level without entering any folders, 1 to go down one level, and so on. If omitted, traverses whole folder tree. |

**Return value**: array of objects found.

```js
import { find } from '@ironche/node-bash';
let args, results;

// find-example-1.js
args = ['.', 'f', null, /node_modules/];
results = find(...args).map((f) => f.path);
console.log(results);

/* example output
[
  './.gitignore',
  './index.js',
  './package-lock.json',
  './package.json'
]
*/

// find-example-2.js
args = ['.', 'f', /\.json$/, /node_modules/];
results = find(...args).map((f) => f.path);
console.log(results);

/* example output
[
  './package-lock.json',
  './package.json'
]
*/
```
